Adding documentation of RC Web lifecycle emails and customization (#621)
RevenueCat/docs: docs/web/revenuecat-billing/lifecycle-emails.mdx

---
title: Lifecycle emails
slug: lifecycle-emails
excerpt: Details of emails sent to subscribers about their purchases and subscriptions
hidden: false
---
:::warning Beta Feature
RevenueCat Billing and the RevenueCat Web SDK are currently in beta.
:::

> Customers purchasing through RevenueCat Billing will receive emails related to their subscriptions and other purchases on the web.

Reviewer: @antoniobg this one will have to be updated to Web Billing. Not sure if you are keeping track and trying to merge it all at once.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the heads-up! I will do a pass after syncing with main before shipping the rename. We'll also have the accelerated sandbox changes before the rename is shipped, which we will probably need to update as well

> All emails sent to customers are sent:
> - From a RevenueCat domain
> - With your **app name** as sender name (configured in the RevenueCat Billing app settings)
> - With your **support email address** is used as the *reply-to* address (configured in the RevenueCat Billing app settings), or `noreply@revenuecat.com` if not configured.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Emails sent to customers:
- Come from a RevenueCat domain
- Display your **app name** as the sender (configured in RevenueCat Billing settings)
- Use your **support email address** as the *reply-to* (configured in the RevenueCat Billing app settings, if set) or `noreply@revenuecat.com` by default”
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should also mention that their logo is included?
